alright a chef buck here and tonight
we're cooking up one of the most popular
Chinese dishes in the world General
Tso's chicken General Tso's chicken
doesn't matter how you said the generals
been gone for centuries and you can find
it in almost every Chinese restaurant
you'll ever walk into you know you're
gonna want some breading for your
chicken we use in Special K you know as
we're trying to look like the people on
the box but you can use regular corn
flakes panko flakes whatever kind of
breading you like and then we're gonna
crack a couple eggs in a bowl go ahead
and get those whipped up what we're
gonna do is we're gonna make a little
breading station so also get you about a
cup of all-purpose flour season it up
with just some salt and pepper
we got a pound and a half a chicken we
use and thigh meat some dark meat but
you can use white meat you know just
chop it up some chicken tenders and just
a little bit you know roll your chicken
pieces in your flour go ahead and roll
it in your egg and then go ahead and
throw it in whatever kind of a breading
you want get it rolled up and then
arrange all that chicken you don't want
a baking sheet that you've got greased
or sprayed with the oil you know and
then if you've got a little can of olive
oil that you can spray on there spray
the top of it because that'll help them
Brown it up you know make it crispy in
the oven which we're gonna slide them
into right now at 400 degrees you know
we let them bake away for about 20
minutes and boom look how beautiful
these things are you know if you can eat
these just right now I like for chicken
nuggets you know but this is General
Tso's chicken
so we still got some sauce we got a whip
up in a little bowl we're gonna go ahead
and throw together some soy sauce a
little bit of balsamic vinaigrette then
some hoisin sauce which is kind of a
thick sweet sauce you can find an Asian
section of
door and then some apricot jam you know
don't do this boom you know if you're
filming don't do that because you know
you get stuff on your lens but if you're
not filming you go ahead and plop it in
there and make it as big a mess as you
want you know and you probably won't be
filming it so don't worry about it a
couple of tablespoons of cornstarch and
then just a little bit less than two
cups of water and go ahead and get that
stirred up and then we're going to take
a skillet and heat it on medium-high
heat
throw in a couple of teaspoons of sesame
oil if you want a little bit of a cake
throw in some pepper flakes you know put
you a little bit of garlic in there and
some ginger and then we'll go ahead and
push these around and oil for a couple
of minutes get a little bit of color on
them and then we're gonna pour our sauce
in there and this sauce is very thin you
know but it's gonna thicken up really
quickly because of the cornstarch we
have a do so go ahead and stir it around
in your skillet you know let it come to
a bubble and once it starts bubbling
you know it's literally just gonna be 2
or 3 minutes for this stuff to thicken
up you know it's gonna get very thick
and very syrupy so you know just after a
couple of minutes once it gets to a nice
consistency we're going to go ahead and
push all of that chicken in there throw
your nice crispy chicken bits in there
get them all stirred up in this sauce
and then that's it we just got to dress
it up you know we're gonna take our
toasted sesame seeds sprinkle those all
over there as much as you like and then
we got about three green onions that we
chopped up that's a nice flavor it's a
nice color and there you have it
General Tso's chicken a lot of people
serve it up with rice we're gonna serve
it with some sautéed cabbage and some
noodles you know but whatever you want
to serve it with it's gonna taste
fantastic so give this recipe a try let
us know what you think Bon Appetit and
thanks for watching and you know
definitely make this Chinese meal at
home you know if you want the pride of
knowing that you made a bastardized
version
chinese-food in your very own kitchen
then then here's your opportunity